feat: improve semantics for returning reverted events to event API users (#12585)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# UNRELEASED

> - https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12585
>   - Event APIs(ETH Events API and Actor Events API) should only return reverted events if client queries by block hash.
>   - Both event Subscibr APIs should always return reverted events to enable accurate observation of real time changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Event APIs (Eth events and actor events) should only return reverted events if client queries by specific block hash / tipset. Eth and actor event subscription APIs should always return reverted events to enable accurate observation of real-time changes. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12585](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12585))
```

## 📝 Changelog

> See https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/compare/v1.28.2...release/v1.29.0 for the set of changes since the last release.  

Reviewer: lots of trailing newline fixes in this diff, did you mean to do this? I don't mind too much but it is noisy if you weren't intending to and your editor was just being clever.

Author: I think this is ZED.

Author: Will look into how to avoid these, dont know why it's doing this.
